README.md, before:

# C# DEVELOPMENT

## LLM Integration

### OpenAI

Blazor Web Application able to call the OpenAI API - via HttpClient instead of OpenAI package.

## Microsoft Training

Blazor | ASP.NET Core | .NET | Minimal API
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/build-web-apps-with-blazor/
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/aspnet-core-minimal-api/

### Todo list

Blazor Web Application with todo list page.

### Pizza web app

Pizza site for the pizza delivery company.

### Reusable components with Blazor

Build a component, package it and share it with other Blazor applications.

### Connect Four

Blazor Web app of the classic four-in-a-row Connect Four game.

## C# Challenges

From TimCorey's Youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6BYXz-99qA 

### HugeCSVGenerator

Build an app that creates huge CSV files of sample data you generate and then optimise it

### 2

Build a Blazor Web App that allows users to build the sample data, then fill a SQL database. Use Minimal API in the middle.

### 3

Orchestrate your Blazor, API and SQL using .NET Aspire

### 4

Create your YARP project that sits in front of multiple API projects to create a flat API surface. Include an Azure Function in the mix as well.

### 5

Upgrade an existing app to .NET 9

Commit message:

Add minimal API to readme

README.md, after:

# C# DEVELOPMENT

## LLM Integration

### OpenAI

Blazor Web Application able to call the OpenAI API - via HttpClient instead of OpenAI package.

## Microsoft Training

Blazor | ASP.NET Core | .NET | Minimal API
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/build-web-apps-with-blazor/
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/aspnet-core-minimal-api/

### Todo list

Blazor Web Application with todo list page.

### Pizza web app

Pizza site for the pizza delivery company.

### Reusable components with Blazor

Build a component, package it and share it with other Blazor applications.

### Connect Four

Blazor Web app of the classic four-in-a-row Connect Four game.

### MinimalAPI

Example of web app built with minimal API and .NET. Usage of in-memory db and then SQLite DB (with EF Core) to persist data.

## C# Challenges

From TimCorey's Youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6BYXz-99qA 

### HugeCSVGenerator

Build an app that creates huge CSV files of sample data you generate and then optimise it

### 2

Build a Blazor Web App that allows users to build the sample data, then fill a SQL database. Use Minimal API in the middle.

### 3

Orchestrate your Blazor, API and SQL using .NET Aspire

### 4

Create your YARP project that sits in front of multiple API projects to create a flat API surface. Include an Azure Function in the mix as well.

### 5

Upgrade an existing app to .NET 9
